README.md, before:


# jDAV

__A DAV framework for Java__

This framework provides a convenient and extensible way to serialize and parse XML documents as used in WebDAV and standards building upon WebDAV.

## Requirements

[XmlObjects](https://github.com/dmfs/xmlobjects) for parsing and serialization.

## Supported RFCs

### Implementation status

The following matrix gives an overview over which RFCs are currently supported. A missing [X] means that some work has been done but not all XML elements are supported yet.


| RFC | RFC title | client | server |
| --- | --------- | ------ | ------- |
| [RFC 3253](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3253) | Versioning Extensions to WebDAV | [ ] | [ ] |
| [RFC 3744](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3744) | Access Control Protocol Extensions to WebDAV   | [ ] | [ ] |
| [RFC 4791](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4791) | Calendaring Extensions to WebDAV   | [ ] | [ ] |
| [RFC 4918](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4918) | WebDAV  | [ ] | [ ] |
| [RFC 5323](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5323) | WebDAV SEARCH | [ ] | [ ] |
| [RFC 5397](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5397) | WebDAV Current Principal Extension | [X] | [X] |
| [RFC 5842](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5842) | Binding Extensions to Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning | [ ] | [ ] |
| [RFC 5995](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5995) | Using POST to Add Members to Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning (WebDAV) Collections | [X] | [X] |
| [RFC 6352](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6352) | CardDAV: vCard Extensions to Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning  | [ ] | [ ] |
| [RFC 6578](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6578) | Collection Synchronization for Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning  | [X] | [X] |

## License

Copyright (C) 2014 Marten Gajda <marten@dmfs.org>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License,
or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307
USA

Commit message:

Add support for RFC 5689, Extended MKCOL for Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning (WebDAV)

README.md, after:


# jDAV

__A DAV framework for Java__

This framework provides a convenient and extensible way to serialize and parse XML documents as used in WebDAV and standards building upon WebDAV.

## Requirements

[XmlObjects](https://github.com/dmfs/xmlobjects) for parsing and serialization.

## Supported RFCs

### Implementation status

The following matrix gives an overview over which RFCs are currently supported. A missing [X] means that some work has been done but not all XML elements are supported yet.


| RFC | RFC title | client | server |
| --- | --------- | ------ | ------- |
| [RFC 3253](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3253) | Versioning Extensions to WebDAV | [ ] | [ ] |
| [RFC 3744](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3744) | Access Control Protocol Extensions to WebDAV   | [ ] | [ ] |
| [RFC 4791](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4791) | Calendaring Extensions to WebDAV   | [ ] | [ ] |
| [RFC 4918](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4918) | WebDAV  | [ ] | [ ] |
| [RFC 5323](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5323) | WebDAV SEARCH | [ ] | [ ] |
| [RFC 5397](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5397) | WebDAV Current Principal Extension | [X] | [X] |
| [RFC 5689](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5689) | Extended MKCOL for Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning (WebDAV) | [X] | [X] |
| [RFC 5842](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5842) | Binding Extensions to Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning | [ ] | [ ] |
| [RFC 5995](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5995) | Using POST to Add Members to Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning (WebDAV) Collections | [X] | [X] |
| [RFC 6352](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6352) | CardDAV: vCard Extensions to Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning  | [ ] | [ ] |
| [RFC 6578](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6578) | Collection Synchronization for Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning  | [X] | [X] |

## License

Copyright (C) 2014 Marten Gajda <marten@dmfs.org>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License,
or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307
USA
